plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_ext.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_ext.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_rest.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/azure_rm_common_rest.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key